/* What is a Transition?
A transition allows an element to change smoothly from one 
state to another over a specified time.

For example:
A button’s color changes gradually when you hover over it.
A box grows in size smoothly when clicked.

         Transition Properties:

1.transition-property
What it does: Specifies which CSS property to animate.
Examples:
background-color, width, height, font-size, etc.
Use all to animate all animatable properties.
                Example Usage:
                transition-property: background-color; 
                 Only the background color will animate 

2.transition-duration
What it does: Sets how long the transition will take (time).
Examples:
2s = 2 seconds
400ms = 400 milliseconds (1 second = 1000ms).
Example Usage:
                transition-duration: 2s; 
                 Animation will take 2 seconds 

3.transition-timing-function
What it does: Controls the speed of the animation over its duration.
                        Common values:
ease: Starts slow, speeds up, then slows down.
ease-in: Starts slow, then speeds up.
ease-out: Starts fast, then slows down.
linear: Maintains a constant speed.
steps: Breaks the animation into steps.
Example Usage:
                transition-timing-function: ease-out; 
                 Starts fast, ends slow 

4.transition-delay
What it does: Sets how long to wait before starting the animation.
Examples:
2s = Wait 2 seconds before the animation starts.
0s = No delay, animation starts immediately.
Example Usage:
                    transition-delay: 1s; 
                    Waits 1 second before animating 
Combined Example

div {
  width: 100px;
  height: 100px;
  background-color: red;
  transition-property: background-color, width;( Animate color and size )
  transition-duration: 2s; /* Takes 2 seconds 
  transition-timing-function: ease-in-out; ( Starts slow, speeds up, then slows down )
  transition-delay: 1s; /*( Waits 1 second before starting )
}

div:hover {
  width: 200px; ( New size) 
  background-color: blue; ( New background color) 
}


                    --------How It Works:---------
When you hover over the div, it waits 1 second before starting.
Then it smoothly changes:
Background color from red to blue.
Width from 100px to 200px over 2 seconds.
The speed starts slow, accelerates, then slows down at the end. */